(DOCSP-28190) Implement Andrew's RN SDK docs feedback - Round 2 (#2696)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/realm-database/crud/read.txt

---------------

Read operations are queries to find your data stored in Realm Database. Use the

> ``@realm/react`` hooks ``useObject()`` and ``useQuery()`` to find specific objects 
> and get collections by object type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following ``@realm/react`` hooks to read data in a realm:

- ``useObject()``: Find a specific object by primary key.
- ``useQuery()``: Get a collection of objects by object type.
```

> These hooks return live objects, which are automatically updated. When an object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These hooks return live objects, which are automatically updated when the data in the realm changes.
```

> These hooks return live objects, which are automatically updated. When an object
> returned by a hook is updated, the parent component is re-rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These hooks return live objects, which are automatically updated when the data in the realm changes. When objects returned by these hooks are updated,
the component calling the hook rerenders.
```
